Hello everyone! And welcome to the deep
learning fundamentals with Keras course.
I am Alex Aklson, your course
instructor. In this introductory course, I
will try to teach you the basics of one
of the hottest topics in the field of
data science, which is deep learning. This
course will consist of four modules,
which you should be able to complete in
four weeks. In module 1, I will try to
motivate you about this field. I know
that the fact that you are here, you must
be already motivated to learn about deep
learning, but I will share with you some
very exciting applications of deep
learning that will hopefully motivate
you even more, and demonstrate to you
that there is almost no limit to what
can be done using deep learning. We will
also briefly cover neurons and neural
networks in the brain, so you can
appreciate how they inspire artificial
neural networks. Then, we will start
learning about the different topics
associated with artificial neural
networks, and in this module we will
focus on the process of forward
propagation. In module 2, we will continue
learning about artificial neural
networks, and focus on how an artificial
neural network learns, what is gradient
descent, and what are activation
functions. In module 3, we will learn
about some of the most popular deep
learning libraries, namely Keras, PyTorch,
and TensorFlow. And we will learn
how to use the Keras library to build
models for regression and classification
problems. In module 4, we will learn about
supervised and unsupervised deep neural
networks, namely convolutional neural
networks, recurrent neural networks. and
autoencoders. We will also learn how to
use the Keras library to build a
convolutional neural network.
Before I conclude this video,
I would like to make an important note.
In this course, I decided to focus on the
fundamentals of deep learning. Deep
learning is a vast
field now and is continuously evolving
at a fast pace. Therefore, the field can
be intimidating to many people, so I have
tailored this course to those who really
know nothing about deep learning or
neural networks. If you have worked a lot
with artificial neural networks and deep
learning models, then maybe this course
is not for you. You are more than welcome
to still take it as a refresher,
but maybe you will not learn a lot. While I
will introduce you to some advanced
topics in deep learning, but I am just
going to give you a simplified version
of them. I just wanted to
make this point clear in order to set
the expectations right at the beginning
of the course. And now with that, welcome
again and let's get started!